this email marketing tip takes 10
minutes but it can produce double the
results did you know that according to
HubSpot 37 of brands are increasing
their email budget
that's because it's one of the lowest
cost High returning digital marketing
strategies out there I love using email
marketing it helps me Drive New Leads
and promote new content and keeps my
audience engaged with whatever I have
that they might need plus it's still an
intimate way to build a relationship
with my audience but you want to know
where I see tons of marketers stumble
when it comes to their email marketing
strategy happens all the time it's a
super simple mistake that just doesn't
take that long at all to correct can you
guess what it is let me know in the
comments below
so many marketers write subject lines
that aren't enticing to Their audience
your subject line matters a ton in fact
69 of email recipients report that
emails ask spam after reading the
subject line in other words the subject
line not only determines if they're
going to open up your email or not but
also if they're going to click that spam
button and on the flip side 33 of email
recipients say that they open emails
because of catchy subject lines now
here's the great part about this writing
a good subject line shouldn't take long
in fact the shorter the better it
doesn't take long at all and once you
get in the swing of things and
understand what it takes to write
quality subject line it's super simple
here are a few quick tips on how to
write better subject line one make them
shorter 82 percent of marketers send
emails with subject clients under 60
characters the shorter the better and I
found that when it's short but it evokes
curiosity even better like
the five benefits of green tea number
four will shock you that's an example of
a suffrage line that evoked curiosity
probably a little bit too long but you
get the point here
tip number two conduct a a b test 93 of
us companies do a b testing for their
email marketing
here's what we found with email
marketing when you do a B test with
subject lines most people just create an
A and then a b send it off they're like
oh cool a opened up more than b or B
opened up more than a and then that's it
and then they go on to then creating
more emails
but they're not using that data from the
original a B test and sure some email
platforms look at which variation does
better and they listen to subside of
your list and then to the rest of the
list they'll send the better version but
why not use that data on what subject
lines your audience prefer to craft
better subject lines for future emails
in essence Don't just run an A B test
use the data to improve your email
subject lines in the future
tip three entice your audience have
something amazing that you're offering
your audience maybe it's a deal on a new
product or a sneak peek at an event
you're hosting make sure you convey that
sense of excitement and urgency in your
subject line don't save all the good
stuff for the body of your email
remember 8 out of 10 people read
headlines or even subject lines two out
of 10 people will read the rest of your
content tip four avoid emojis according
to a study by search engine Journal
emails with emojis in the summertime
actually led to more unsubscribes it's a
little bit spammy especially if you're a
business and you want to be professional
so make sure that you avoid emojis now
if you use these tips in your email
subject line you should get more open
and you'll get much better results it
doesn't take that long at all you can
even do simple things like putting the
person's name in the subject line we've
seen that increase open rates massively
if you just want my team to do all this
stuff for you check out my Ad Agency NP
digital if you like this video share it
tell the people about it and subscribe
to the channel if you have any questions
leave a comment below I'm here to help